who sang for pink floyd?
what is epilepsy?
woodrow wilson was president of which university?
number of gold medals won by india in hockey?
what is the name of dormitory of naga?
what is shakespeare's nickname?
when did season 4 of grace and frankie start?
who played the role of chandler bing in the tv series friends?
what was the name of the first russian astronaut to do a spacewalk?
what are canada's two territories?
what country was theodor schwann born in?
where was the battle of waterloo held?
who became president after harding died?
what is ozone depletion?
when were the phillies founded?
who developed the vaccination against polio?
during which season do most thunderstorms occur?
where was the lion king musical first performed?
when was the triangle shirtwaist fire?
what is the islamic counterpart to the red cross?
what is the major religions practiced in israel?
when was the new world trade center finished?
where does the last name mcleod come from?
what year did the titanic start on its journey?
where did the founder of google go to college?
when was algeria colonized?
who is called as metro man of india?
where is the second circuit court of appeals located?
when was the first bank of the united states?
what are the poconos?
what is cryogenics?
in which country would you find the champs elysees 1. spain 2. france?
what does the technical term isdn mean?
what is die-casting?
what is caffeine?
who is covered by the right to financial privacy act?
where can salivary amylase be found in the body?
who created the board game pictionary?
how many pounds in a U.S. ton?
what year did the titanic sink?
who won ms. american in 1989?
how old you have to be to buy cigarettes in texas?
who wrote these are the days of our lives?
what american composer wrote the music for "west side story"?
what type of polymer is used for bulletproof vests?
kuchipudi is a dance form of which state?
what hotel was used for a setting of the agatha christie novel, "and then there were none"?
when was babe ruth born?
largest airline in the world in terms of passengers carried?
who were the sponsor of the icc world cup when it was hosted outside england for the first time?
what culture built the great pyramid of giza?
what is the speed of light?
what precious stone is a form of pure carbon?
what is charlie's surname in charlie and the chocolate factory?
what is amoxicillin?
in poland, where do most people live?
what is angiotensin?
when was the last deal or no deal cancelled?
what were christopher columbus' three ships?
who discovered america?
what was elie wiesel's father's name?
what king signed the magna carta?
what is the most common kind of skin cancer in the u.s.?
in what year did the hindenberg crash?
where was joe biden a senator?
what kind of guitar does lindsey buckingham play?
what is the most frequently spoken language in the netherlands?
george bush purchased a small interest in which baseball team?
where does the greatest distortion in a cylindrical mercator projection occur?
which element in period 3 is the most reactive metal?
what is the population of venezuela?
who was the 21st u.s. president?
what island is half greek and half turkish?
what year did hitler die?
what kind of currency does cuba use?
what is sake?
how big is our galaxy in diameter?
what condition does michael j fox have?
where was the movie the river runs through it filmed?
who does maggie grace play in taken?
how many states are in the united stares?
what river flows between fargo, north dakota and moorhead, minnesota?
where is ayer's rock?
what does usps stand for?
who played dumbledore in the philosopher's stone?
when was the nfl established?
what state in the us has the most counties?
who paid for the building of the colosseum?
what president became chief justice after his presidency?
where is perth?
what was the name of the plane lindbergh flew solo across the atlantic?
what is california's state tree?
what is leukemia?
what does nasa stand for?
what year did the u.s. buy alaska?
which american idol contestant has sold the most records?
what type of government does burma (myanmar) have?
where was ted kennedy buried?
what is desktop publishing?
what are the colors of the german flag?
where is the mason/dixon line?
where are the british crown jewels kept?
what is the ph scale?
who was the prime minister of canada in 1998?
when did princess diana and prince charles get married?
who played princess leia in star wars movies?
what was the name of jacques cousteau's ship?
what is another name for vitamin b1?
when did elvis presley die?
how fast is the speed of light?
what is bangers and mash?
which country is to the north of the united states of america?
what do the initials cpr stand for?
what is the brightest star visible from Earth?
who played harmonica in led zeppelin you shook me?
who was the winner of the 2009 nobel peace prize?
how far is it from denver to aspen?
who developed new theories on measuring time and space?
what does the acronym nasa stand for?
what do you call a word that is spelled the same backwards and forwards?
what is neurology?
when was the san francisco fire?
how far is santa clara california from san francisco california?
when was the boston tea party?
who sings the song i want to know?
when is st. patrick's day?
when was nepal divided into 7 provinces in nepali date?
who was the first woman on the united states supreme court?
where is milan?
name of the bird in the lion king?
how many premier league titles has man utd won?
what is nuclear power?
who does donald glover play in lion king?
what is the name of the chocolate company in san francisco?
what is the street address of the white house?
how long did rip van winkle sleep?
what is the name of the first cartoon with sound?
what color does litmus paper turn when it comes into contact with a strong acid?
what is semolina?
icc world cup outside england first time sponsor?
how many teams in fa cup fourth round?
what is pectin?
what was the man's name who was killed in a duel with aaron burr?
what is the distance in miles from the earth to the sun?
what city's newspaper is called "the enquirer"?
what kind of dog was toto in the wizard of oz?
what is another astronomic term for the northern lights?
what does nafta stand for?
where is the mayo clinic?
what character did liv tyler play in lord of the rings?
who was elected president of south africa in 1994?
what is the symbol on the canadian flag?
who was the first person to set foot on the moon?
when did the revenge of the sith come out?
when does hong kong revert back to china?
what did barack obama do before he took office?
what language do they speak in northern ireland?
in which province is pretoria?
what is the fourth highest mountain in the world?
on what continent is canada found?
what teams did shoeless joe jackson play for?
who played albus dumbledore in harry potter 6?
when was the song we are the champions written?
where is the eiffel tower?
who's the lead singer of the led zeppelin band?
what city is also known as "the gateway to the west"?
what was president lyndon johnson's reform program called?
what county is modesto, california in?
how wide is the milky way galaxy?
what chain store is headquartered in bentonville, arkansas?
who is the number 1 played artist on spotify?
what kind of corn is used to make ethanol?
where was emperor tiberius born?
what is nicholas cage's profession?
what band does adam levine sing for?
what is the national park in utah?
what is genocide?
what year was the magna carta signed?
who was the king of england when the mayflower sailed?
what was the name of the newspaper where hemingway wrote?
who decided what rights should be included in the convention on the rights of the child?
who killed john f. kennedy?
what is the latinised word for the country wales?
what is the electrical output in madrid, spain?
what is the largest island of north america?
when did idaho become a state?
what kind of biome is the everglades?
what is the longest suspension bridge in the u.s.?
what kind of source is the washington post?
what primary colors do you mix to make orange?
who killed harvey milk?
what county is charlotte north carolina?
how did janice joplin die?
when was abraham lincoln born?
example of fallacy of argument against the person?
what peninsula is spain part of?
what is the location of the sea of tranquility?
what is phosphorus?
what are the animals that don't have backbones called?
what is the shape of a porpoises' tooth?
what is the primary language in iceland?
what is the number of buffaloes thought to have been living in north america when columbus landed in 1492?
what novel is john steinbeck best known for?
where does the jordan river end?
what sea does the yangtze river flow into?
what is an atom?
when was hiroshima bombed?
when was the first kidney transplant?
first gender park in india inaugurated at which place in kerala?
where does luke skywalker live in star wars?
what is the abbreviation for texas?
what country did ponce de leon come from?
who said imperialism is the highest stage of capitalism?
what blood vessel carries blood away from the heart?
where are the pyramids of giza located?
who invented the slinky?
when did dodgers last go to world series?
what was the date of the chelsea flower show in 1992?
who was president in 1913?
what weapon is typically used by a samurai 1. katana 2. dagger?
who's won the most formula 1 grand prix?
what is thalassemia?
who got the most streams on spotify 2018?
what cyanobacteria is thought to be the most abundant photosynthetic organism in the ocean?
what is cholesterol?
who wrote the hymn "amazing grace"?
what hemisphere is the philippines in?
when is father's day?
what is the airport code for los angeles international?
what is a nanometer?
what colors need to be mixed to get the color pink?
the symptoms of parkinson's disease are linked to the demise of cells in what area of the brain?
who is the only president to serve 2 non-consecutive terms?
who is the composer of eugene onegin?
for what disease is the drug sinemet used as a treatment?
what airport do you fly into maui?
what unicef stands for?
what is the location of lake champlain?
what continent does the amazon river flow through?
what does target heart rate mean?
who was president of turkmenistan in 1994?
what is the first book sherlock holmes appeared in?
what is the name of the foreign marine pest infesting the great lakes and associated waterways since 1986?
what is the most used line on the london underground?
what is the name of the lion king's son in the movie, "the lion king"?
who choose legislators before the passage of the seventeenth amendment?
what is the oldest university in the us?
who invented the instant polaroid camera?
what is sodium chloride?
where is the mall of the america?
what is the abominable snowman name in monsters inc?
what is the moulin rouge?
what is the major fault line near kentucky?
into what language family does english fall?
what currency can you use in aruba?
what is the capital of ethiopia?
what is naproxen?
where is the volcano olympus mons located?
who was the first vice president of the u.s.?
what are platelets?
what is rheumatoid arthritis?
how much has the wizard of oz made to date?
who was the abolitionist who led the raid on harper's ferry in 1859?
how many copies of an album must be sold for it to be a gold album?
what is the only artery that carries blue blood from the heart to the lungs?
who won jennifer hudson year of american idol?
ant man and the wasp physical release date?
what is susan b. anthony's birthday?
what province is edmonton located in?
what is the date of the official opening of the channel tunnel between the u.k. and france?
what is the real name of the singer, madonna?
where does the white lined sphinx moth live?
who was the leader of the soviet union in 1945?
what u.s. government agency registers trademarks?
what body of water are the canary islands in?
where are the remaining copies of the magna carta?
what are pathogens?
how old was elvis presley when he died?
where is your corpus callosum?
what year did the vietnam war end?
what is solar wind?
what are pediatricians?
who started the dominos pizza chain?
what is pulmonary fibrosis?
where jay z was raised?
what two companies produce bovine somatotrophin?
what are the two houses of the legislative branch?
what type of currency is used in australia?
material called linen is made from what plant?
who wrote i get by with a little help from my friends lyrics?
what do bats eat?
who sings the song i don't care anymore?
what year did the united states abolish the draft?
what is the length of the coastline of the state of alaska?
who has the constitutional power to regulate interstate commerce?
who sang i got a gal in kalamazoo?
what did edward binney and howard smith invent in 1903?
what are invertebrates?
where was alice walker born?
who is the founder of the wal-mart stores?
what date did neil armstrong land on the moon?
what is pandoro?
who coined the term "cyberspace" in his novel "neuromancer"?
what is the average minimum wage in the united states?
what is the name given to the tiger at louisiana state university?
where was the church of latter day saints founded?
what is the largest city in the u.s.?
what state was ronald reagan governor of?
what city had a world fair in 1900?
who is playing in the national championship game?
what is relative humidity?
what is autism?
who played jenny in the doctor's daughter?
what color is a poison arrow frog?
what style of art does andy warhol do?
what is the dollar called in brazil?
where is the lourve?
where did the plains of abraham take place?
what is the active ingredient in baking soda?
who seized power in italy in 1922?
what is poliomyelitis?
who played the teacher in dead poet's society?
where did lee surrender to grant to end the civil war?
what is ethics?
in what area of the world was the six day war fought?
what is severance pay?
hazmat stands for what?
what is hypertension?
where is prince edward island?
what is the population of australia?
what subatomic particle did jj thomson discover?
what is the deepest lake in the us?
what monastery was raided by vikings in the late eighth century?
who was the first u.s. president ever to resign?
what city does mccarren airport serve?
who is duke ellington?
what is sonar?
who is broadcasting the world series in 2018?
when was lyndon b. johnson born?
what is a thyroid?
what is hawaii's state flower?
what year did oklahoma become a state?
when did the new york rangers become a team?
in what year did kobe bryant graduate high school?
what language people speak in afghanistan?
when did the ottoman empire declare war on the allies?
what is supernova?
what continent is australia in?
who played eliza doolittle in the movie my fair lady?
who was the 23rd president of the united states?
what strait separates north america from asia?
who was lincoln's secretary of state?
do you have to register rifles in michigan?
what county is phoenix, az in?
what year did montana become a state?
where is kia car from?
who was the first african american to play for the brooklyn dodgers?
when does red dead redemption 2 launch time?
what is the meaning of caliente (in english)?
what breed of hunting dog did the beverly hillbillies own?
when is hurricane season in the caribbean?
who was the first person to receive nobel prize?
where was stephen g. breyer born?
when was president kennedy shot?
what nqf level is a master's degree?
what are the two types of twins?
what is dianetics?
what is a thermometer?
how many letters in the modern greek alphabet?
where is the grand canyon?
what is the longest bone in the human body?
what kind of paintings did frida kahlo do?
who discovered radium?
where did president eisenhower go to college?
who is the song you're my best friend about?
what is a micron?
who was the moderator of the 2004 presidential debate held at arizona state university?
what is measured in curies?
where did yoga originate?
when was in god we trust added to paper money?
how long do hermit crabs live?
which is the smallest continent in size in the world?
what does cpr stand for?
in which state would you find the catskill mountains?
what did charles babbage create in the 1800s?
what country did francis drake represent?
who was galileo?
what is the longest major league baseball-winning streak?
what is natural gas composed of?
who did the united states fight against in world war ii?
what is phi beta kappa?
who was the first prime minister of canada?
when did new brunswick become a part of canada?
where is the parliament in south africa?
who was the voice of simba?
what is amitriptyline?
who invented the telephone?
what is the second largest city in australia?
where do the chicago cubs play?
what are aborigines?