who sang for pink floyd?
what is epilepsy?
woodrow wilson was president of which university?
number of gold medals won by india in hockey?
what is the name of dormitory of naga?
what is shakespeare's nickname?
when did season 4 of grace and frankie start?
who played the role of chandler bing in the tv series friends?
what was the name of the first russian astronaut to do a spacewalk?
what are canada's two territories?
what country was theodor schwann born in?
where was the battle of waterloo held?
who became president after harding died?
what is ozone depletion?
when were the phillies founded?
who developed the vaccination against polio?
during which season do most thunderstorms occur?
where was the lion king musical first performed?
when was the triangle shirtwaist fire?
what is the islamic counterpart to the red cross?
what is the major religions practiced in israel?
when was the new world trade center finished?
where does the last name mcleod come from?
what year did the titanic start on its journey?
where did the founder of google go to college?
when was algeria colonized?
who is called as metro man of india?
where is the second circuit court of appeals located?
when was the first bank of the united states?
what are the poconos?
what is cryogenics?
in which country would you find the champs elysees 1. spain 2. france?
what does the technical term isdn mean?
what is die-casting?
what is caffeine?
who is covered by the right to financial privacy act?
where can salivary amylase be found in the body?
who created the board game pictionary?
how many pounds in a U.S. ton?
what year did the titanic sink?
who won ms. american in 1989?
how old you have to be to buy cigarettes in texas?
who wrote these are the days of our lives?
what american composer wrote the music for "west side story"?
what type of polymer is used for bulletproof vests?
kuchipudi is a dance form of which state?
what hotel was used for a setting of the agatha christie novel, "and then there were none"?
when was babe ruth born?
largest airline in the world in terms of passengers carried?
who were the sponsor of the icc world cup when it was hosted outside england for the first time?
what culture built the great pyramid of giza?
what is the speed of light?
what precious stone is a form of pure carbon?
what is charlie's surname in charlie and the chocolate factory?
what is amoxicillin?
in poland, where do most people live?
what is angiotensin?
when was the last deal or no deal cancelled?
what were christopher columbus' three ships?
who discovered america?
what was elie wiesel's father's name?
what king signed the magna carta?
what is the most common kind of skin cancer in the u.s.?
in what year did the hindenberg crash?
where was joe biden a senator?
what kind of guitar does lindsey buckingham play?
what is the most frequently spoken language in the netherlands?
george bush purchased a small interest in which baseball team?
where does the greatest distortion in a cylindrical mercator projection occur?
which element in period 3 is the most reactive metal?
what is the population of venezuela?
who was the 21st u.s. president?
what island is half greek and half turkish?
what year did hitler die?
what kind of currency does cuba use?
what is sake?
how big is our galaxy in diameter?
what condition does michael j fox have?
where was the movie the river runs through it filmed?
who does maggie grace play in taken?
how many states are in the united stares?
what river flows between fargo, north dakota and moorhead, minnesota?
where is ayer's rock?
what does usps stand for?
who played dumbledore in the philosopher's stone?
when was the nfl established?
what state in the us has the most counties?
who paid for the building of the colosseum?
what president became chief justice after his presidency?
where is perth?
what was the name of the plane lindbergh flew solo across the atlantic?
what is california's state tree?
what is leukemia?
what does nasa stand for?
